docs: add wenqili as a contributor (#91)
ml5js/ml5-website: docs/api-charRNN.md

function modelLoaded() {
  console.log('Model Loaded!');
}

// Generete content
rnn.generate({ seed: 'the meaning of pizza is' }, function(err, results){
  console.log(results);
});
```

[Here](https://github.com/ml5js/ml5-examples/blob/master/p5js/LSTM/LSTM_Text/sketch.js) is a complete example using the [p5.js](https://p5js.org) library.

## Syntax

  ```javascript
  ml5.charRNN(model, ?callback)
  ```

### Parameters
  - `model` - The path to the trained charRNN model.

  - `callback` - Optional. A callback to be called once the model has loaded. If no callback is provided, it will return a promise that will be resolved once the model has loaded.

## Properties

  ```javascript
  .ready
  ```
  > Boolean value that specifies if the model has loaded.

   ```javascript
  .state
  ```
  > The current state of the model.

  ```javascript
  .model
  ```
  > The pre-trained charRNN model.

  ```javascript
  .vocabSize
  ```
  > The vocabulary size (or total number of possible characters).

## Methods

  ```javascript
  .generate(options, ?callback)
  ```
  > Generates content in a stateless manner, based on some initial text (known as a "seed"). Returns a string.

>   `options` -  An object specifying the input parameters of seed, length and temperature. Default length is 20, temperature is 0.5 and seed is a random character from the model. The object should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `options` -  An object specifying the input parameters of seed, length and temperature. The `seed` is starting characters for the model to generate from. The `length` is how many characters to generate (default: 20), and the temperature is a number between 0.0 and 1.0 the controls the "randomness" of the predictions (default: 0.5). A higher temperature results in more "confident" predictions, but less diversity of outcomes. The object should look like this:
```

  ```javascript
  {
    seed: 'The meaning of pizza is'
    length: 20,
    temperature: 0.5
  }
  ```

  `callback` - Optional. A function to be called when the model has generated content. If no callback is provided, it will return a promise that will be resolved once the model has generated new content.

  ```javascript
  .feed(seed, ?callback)
  ```
  > Feed a string of characters to the model state.

  `seed` -  A string to feed the charRNN model state. 

  `callback` - Optional. A function to be called when the model finished adding the seed. If no callback is provided, it will return a promise that will be resolved once seed has been fed.

  ```javascript
  .predict(temperature, ?callback)
  ```
  > Feed a string of characters to the model state.

  `predict` -  Predict the next character based on the model's current state.

> 

Reviewer: Add `temperature` using language from above `generate()`?
